English was once spoken only by people in a part of Britain. But during the 20th century,
it became a world language. A language used by speakers of many different languages to
communicate with each other. Although it is called a world language, more than five
billion people, most of the people on the earth, do not speak English as either their first
or second language. However, hundreds of millions of people use it and hundreds of millions
are learning it. Because so many people learn and use English, it may be hard to imagine
that one day English may not be the world's leading language. Remember that there were other
important languages in the past which lost their importance or even disappeared.
In Europe, Latin was used as a common language for many centuries before people stopped using it.
French was once a language known by all well-educated people and was more popular than English.
But since the 19th century, English has become more popular than French.
Today, many people who want to learn a new language are learning Chinese, Spanish, or Arabic.
It may be that one day, instead of English, another language will be used across the world.